Nothing.
Miss An Liang has in-depth communication, I see it
Forget it, I think you have a very good wife
Your outside
Oh, okay, I've lost my soul
Then he has to put the phone
Oops, do you want to get out of the car?
Where to go
I have my way
Tomorrow, accompany me to a place, you know?
Second sister, haven't you always been curious?
Where did my blanket come from?
Just go from here.
Pay it back
Money pay money
Pay back the money
What are they doing?
Exactly as I remembered.
previous life
The owner of this blanket factory has a black heart
No pay to workers
Finally, he was beaten to death by a worker
The factory closed down.
It seems that this is the time